feat: add apify actor and dataset reader (#1)
apify/llama-hub: loader_hub/apify/call_actor/README.md

# Apify Actor Run Loader

Apify is a cloud platform for web scraping and data extraction,
which provides an [ecosystem](https://apify.com/store) of more than a thousand
ready-made apps called *Actors* for various scraping, crawling, and extraction use cases.

> This loader runs Apify actor and when it is finished loads it's results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This loader runs an Apify Actor and when it is finished loads its results.
```

## Usage

Here's an example usage:

```python
from llama_index import download_loader
from llama_index.readers.schema.base import Document
import os

def tranform_dataset_item(item):
    return Document(
        item.get('text'),
        extra_info={
            "url": item.get('url'),
        },
    )

ApifyCallActor = download_loader('ApifyCallActor')

> reader = ApifyCallActor(os.environ.get('APIFY_TOKEN'))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
reader = ApifyCallActor(os.environ.get('APIFY_API_TOKEN'))
```
